README.md README.md
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Dashboard.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Dashboard.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Barchart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Barchart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Piechart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Piechart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Plaintext.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Plaintext.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Table.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Block/Adminhtml/Type/Table.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/controllers/CheckController.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/controllers/CheckController.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/etc/adminhtml.xml app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/etc/adminhtml.xml
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/etc/config.xml app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/etc/config.xml
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Helper/Data.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Helper/Data.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Abstract.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Abstract.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Collection.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Collection.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Logfilesize.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Logfilesize.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Producttypes.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Producttypes.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Sitemap.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Check/Sitemap.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Abstract.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Abstract.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Barchart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Barchart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Chart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Chart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Donutchart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Donutchart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Piechart.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Piechart.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Plaintext.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Plaintext.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Table.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Content/Renderer/Table.php
app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Factory.php app/code/community/Hackathon/HealthCheck/Model/Factory.php
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/hackathon/healthcheck/layout.xml app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/hackathon/healthcheck/layout.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/hackathon/healthcheck/dashboard.phtml app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/hackathon/healthcheck/dashboard.phtml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/hackathon/healthcheck/type/default.phtml app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/hackathon/healthcheck/type/default.phtml
app/etc/modules/Hackathon_Healthcheck.xml app/etc/modules/Hackathon_Healthcheck.xml
app/locale/de_DE/Hackathon_HealthCheck.csv app/locale/de_DE/Hackathon_HealthCheck.csv
app/locale/en_US/Hackathon_HealthCheck.csv app/locale/en_US/Hackathon_HealthCheck.csv
skin/adminhtml/base/default/css/healthcheck/healthcheck.css skin/adminhtml/base/default/css/healthcheck/healthcheck.css
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/dx.chartjs.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/dx.chartjs.js
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/globalize.min.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/globalize.min.js
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/healthcheck.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/healthcheck.js
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.js
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.jsontotable.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.jsontotable.js
skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.noconflict.js skin/adminhtml/base/default/js/healthcheck/jquery.noconflict.js
